>G10_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: G10_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: G10_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:51 2023 TEMPLATE: G10_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaggggacgagctgcccatgacatcctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaa
tacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacacc
gcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatc
gagctagcttattattaactgctttattaattggtttattatttggttta
ttagttttattgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccct
aacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcg
ataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagat
accggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaatt
cccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcac
acgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcacc
ccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgt
acgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttat
cgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgggaa
gagatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgct
gatgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgctg
acgggggttatgcgttccagtatgaaaacggcaaatacgacattaaagac
gtgggcgtggataacgctggcgcgaaagccggtctgaacctcctggttga
cctgattaaaacaaacacatgaatgcagacaccgattactccatcgcaga
agctgccttaataaaggcgaaacaacgatgaccatcaacggccccggggg
atgggtcaacatcgacaccaacaaaatgaattatggtgaaaggtactgcc
gacccttcaggttaaccatccaaacggtcgtttggctggtggggggacag
gattaatacccccgctcaaaaaaaaaatgtggaaaaagtttctccaaaaa
tactgcgtaggatgaagaattggaaagcgttataaaaaaaaacccccgcg
ccgttcccccgtatctattaaaagaaaataggcaaaaaactacccacttt
acccccccgccaggcaacaccacaacgggaaaagagatgacaaagacgcc
agacatttcttgtatttgtttctgctgttggagggatgtcgggggagtag
aaaagcagccaccgctgaacgatcgatattgatatattttattgataaga
acaaggcagaaagaaaaaaacattaaataatacgtcatgtgccggacacc
tggtggcagc
>G1_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: G1_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: G1_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:51 2023 TEMPLATE: G1_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aagggagccggagctgctcctggacatcttctcagccagaatctgtcaat
gaatacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacac
accgcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttgggga
atcgagctagcttattattaactgttttattagctttattattaggtttt
ttattaggttctttgatcaaagaacctaataaaacacctaataaataaaa
taataataaagttaataataagctagcttattattatcttatttattagg
tgttttattaggtttattattaggtactttgatcctgatcaacccaagcc
aatccagctttaaacccctaacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactg
gtaatctggattaacggcgataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcgg
taagaaattcgagaaagataccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccgg
ataaactggaagagaaattcccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggcccc
gacattatcttctgggcacacgaccgctttggtggctacggtcaatctgg
cctggtggctgaaatcacccccggaaaagccgttcaggacaaactgtaat
ccttttccttgggatgccgtaccgtacaaccggcaagttgattgctttcc
ggatctgtggtgagacgttttcgctaaattaatacaaataatttgatgcg
aaacggagcaaagacttgggaaaggcatcccggcgctggataaagaactg
agagcgaaacgaaaaaggccgctggatgtcctccgtggtggagccgtact
ttctctggcacgatattggctgctgacgaggatttattcgttcactatga
aggaggatatgtataacattaaggggatggtggatagaaaggttgagcgc
taagtagagagcaacggaggtgaagtaggtaattaaagaaaacaatagag
atgtagccacgtgtaaacggagggccgggagggtgaagcgagggcaggaa
agaccagccgaacaccgaagtgtgatgaattagtcggtggagctctgtgc
gcggagaacggggagcgaagatcacgtcgtcctggagcgtggagggacat
aggactgagaggagaaagagcgcaacaccacggacaaataaagaagacaa
acaatcatataccgccgagagngaatgcagaggaggagtctcaaaatagg
gtgtagagtaaagtcgggtgtggagagtatggagagccgggggtagggag
cgagacagatgnttcgtgaataagaacttagcgaagtgactgaagtagaa
ggaggnnggcactgtgcaggaccgtggtgagnctgtatcacggaatntan
>G2_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: G2_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: G2_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:51 2023 TEMPLATE: G2_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaggggccgaagctggctcctggacaccttctcagccagaatctgtcaat
gaatacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacac
accgcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttgggga
atcgagctagcttattattaactgttttattagctttattattaggtttt
ttattaggttctttgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacc
cctaacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacg
gcgataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaa
gataccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaa
attcccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctggg
cacacgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatc
accccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgc
cgtacgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgt
tatcgctgatttataacaaaaatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgg
gaagagatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgc
gctgatgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggcccctgattgctg
ctgacgggggttatgcgtttaagaatgaaaacggcaaagtacacattaaa
gacgtgtgcgtggataacggctgccgcaaagcgggtctgccttcctggtt
ggactggttaaaacaaccacatgaaagcagaaacgattattcatcgagaa
gctgcgtttaaaaaagcgaaaagcaatcatcatctaggggcctggggcgg
gtcaacaatgaccccataaagaagttttggtgtgacaagtcctgcacctt
tgagggaaaaccaataaaaacatacctagggcgagaggtggaaggtttaa
acacaaggcacactaaagaaaggaggctataggtctcagaaatatctccg
cgctgggggcggagagtggcgagttgatgagtgatagggcaaaaggtgaa
gatgtaccggtgagtatatgatagaaggtatatgaatataaaaggcaaag
aatgggtataaccacgacgaacaattataagagggggaaaaagtaggatg
aaaaggaatagaggctggacggggggcgatgaggtgggagcagatagtga
cgggtaaagngaaagttcaccagattagcnacgnnaagcgtngtcataaa
catgcgaggccgctaagggacgca
>G3_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: G3_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: G3_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:51 2023 TEMPLATE: G3_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaggggacgagctgcccatgacatctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaat
acgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacaccg
cagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatcg
agctagcttattattagcttctttattaggtgttttattaggttctttga
tcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccctaacggatatcaaa
atcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcgataaaggctataa
cggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagataccggaattaaag
tcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaattcccacaggttgcg
gcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcacacgaccgctttgg
tggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcaccccggacaaagcgt
tccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgtacgttacaacggc
aagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatcgctgatttataa
caaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgggaagagatcccggcgc
tggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgctgatgttcaacctg
caagaaccgtacttcccctggccgctgattgctgctgaccggggttatgc
gttccagtatgaaaacgggcagtacgacattaaagacgtgggcgtggaaa
acgctggcgcgaaaagcgggctgaactttctggtttgcctgattaaaaac
caacactgaatgcagacaccgattactccatcgcagaagcctgctttaat
aaaggcgaaaaagcgaatgacaatcacggcccctgggcctggtcccacat
cgacaccaacaaaataaattagggtgtaaacggattgccgaccatcaggg
ggccacccacccaaacccttgttgggccggtagaaggccagtttttacgc
tccggcggctcgataaaagaatctgcgaaaaagattctccccaacattca
tcttgagcagagaatgaggtaggagaaaggaataaaggaaacaccacggg
gggtggctgtcgcatcactaaccactgagaaaagagtgggaggatgaaag
aaagtagttgttagtcacaagaaagagagcaacaaagaagaaagatagtg
gggaaggaatccaataactgacagcccgctcgagttgaggtcgcagtggc
gggagcaacagacggaagaggggcgcagccntgggaaccaccagccgtag
gggagtgaagccgaaanacacgccctagggctccggngcacttgaagaaa
aa
>G4_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: G4_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: G4_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:51 2023 TEMPLATE: G4_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
ggagggaccgaggctgctcatgacatctctcagccagaatctgtcaatga
atacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacac
cgcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaat
cgagctagcttattattaactgttttattattaggtttattatttggttt
attatttgctttgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccc
taacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggc
gataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaaga
taccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaat
tcccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggca
cacgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcac
cccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccg
tacgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgtta
tcgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctggga
agagatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgc
tgatgtttcacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgct
gacgggggttatgcgttcaagtatgaaaacggcaagtaccgaattaaaga
cgtgggcgtggataacgctggcgcgaaagcgggtctgacctttctggttg
acctgattaaatcaacacatgaatgcagacactgatttactcatcgcaga
agctgccttaaaaaaaggcgaaccagcgatgaccatcaagggcccgtggg
gatgatcaacttcaaacacgacaagggaattatggtggaacgtattgcca
acttcaagggtcactatccaaaacggtcgttgccgggctaagcgaggaat
aaaaccccccgttccaagaaggaatttgcaagaaagttctctgacaataa
tagctgatagtgagagacgtgaagaagtaaaaataaataaccctcgcggg
ccgcgcatataaaacttttaaaaaaaaaagtggaggagatagaacatcag
taataccgataacacaacatcgctagctgagagatggtagacaaaaacca
tattgtaattcgggagctgcatagtgtgtgggacggctacgtgaagttgg
gatagaatcggtncctcgtggagacagctcgtgtactggttgtgagaagt
tcttcagtcangagagtctggatag
>G5_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: G5_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: G5_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:51 2023 TEMPLATE: G5_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaagtaccagactgctcatgaatctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaata
cgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacaccgc
agccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatcga
gctagcttattattaactgctttattattagctttattatttggtttatt
attttctttgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccctaa
cggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcgat
aaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagatac
cggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaattcc
cacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcacac
gaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcacccc
ggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgtac
gttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatcg
ctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgggaaga
gatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgctga
tgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgctgac
gggggttatgcgtttcagtatgaaaacggcaaatacgacattaaagacgt
gggcgtggattaacctggacccaaaaggcgttctgaccttcctggtggac
tggttaaaaaaaaatacaggatggcgaaaaccgataactccatcgcgaaa
ctggccttaaataaagcgaaccgacaatgatcctcaaggggcccggggca
tggtccaagatacgaccgaccaaagtaattcttggtgaacggtagttggc
cacctttggagagcgagccaaccaaaccgtgtggggcggtggggaggaaa
tgaaaattacgccaccgctacgtaccagctaacagaagactaaaggtccc
ggaaaaatgttgtgcggggtgataggaatctcggactgagagttttaatc
caaacgaaagcgtggagagagtatggcggctagtatagaagggaaagaag
agagagagagaagaaaaactagagaaatatgatcatatgcttgaaaatgg
aagcgacataagaaatacgaatgtatatatagaacgtgtgacataagatg
cgttcgttgcgcggctcgtgaggacgtgtttactgagactcaagcctgtg
ctaatgttcatggttaatatactcagaatatatgcttacagcatacgtag
atg
>G6_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: G6_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: G6_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: G6_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
gtgggcaagnagctgctctgacatctctcagccagaatctgtctatgaat
acgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacaccg
cagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatcg
agctagcttattattaacttttttattaggtattttattaggtttattat
taggtgttttgatcctgatcaccccaagccaatccagctttataccccta
acggatatcaaaatcgaagaaagtaggctggtagtctggattaacggcga
tggaggctataacgttctctctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagata
ccggatttaaggtcacggttgagcatccggatggactggaagagaaattc
acaccggttggggcgactggcgatgggtctgtctttatcttctgcgggca
cgagcgcttgggtgggtgcctacatctggtctggtgggtgagttccagcg
gacagggggagccagggaggggctgtatgcgtttacttgggatgcagtag
aacaacaatgacatcagagctgataacgcgagcgcgggcgaggcgtgagc
gaagaaataagagaacgctacagaggcgacctgcaccagaccgatgcgat
aggttggagaactgggagggaatatgtgatgctgtgttctgccgctgata
tgtgggagccgcgaaaactacgaagggttgtctctgtcgtagggggatat
gaggagggaatatcacctacctgtggtaactaagaaggggcatcagacga
ggggcggagcattccaagagcaggaccggagctggtgggagtgttgggta
ggaaaaaacaaagaagataagttgtagccgtacacatgtagaaagttggg
aggaaagtggcaactataataaggcgagaggggagatggatatgatgaaa
agaaatgaaatggagagtaagttaaaaccaggagagagtagaataagagc
ggaggagcggaggcggtgaggaagatgtaggtagagaggcgaggggaacg
tgcatagtacgagaaagagactgaaaccagccgagctaaaagagtaaagt
gcaacggcactcggaaaaaagccgacgtggccggggacgtgggtagagga
tgtcgcgcatagaatgactacgttccgggaggtatagttggtgacagagg
tgggacgaaaaagaacaagagcagaaaacgagagagacgttacattaggt
gaaaggagatgagacgcgcacagagggagtacccgattcggacgtggcaa
aggatgaatcccatgaaggatgaatgagagggggaaaaagaaaagcgagc
tgggcgagaatgtgagagaagggacgtgggga
>G7_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: G7_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: G7_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: G7_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaaggggccgaagctgcccctgacatctctcagccagaatctgtcaatga
atacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacac
cgcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaat
cgagctagcttattattatcttatttattaggtgttttattaggtttatt
attaggtgttttgatgatgatccaccgacgctcatccttttttaaacccc
tggaggatatcataatcgaagaaggtctggtggtcagctggattagcggt
gatggaggttatggtggtcttgatgacgtcggtaagatattcaagaatga
tgccaggaattgtcgtcgctgatgatcatgatgataagctggaagagata
ttcccggttgttgcggctgctggtggtggtgatgatattatctgctggga
acacgactgcgttggtggctacgctcctgctgggctggtggatgacatcc
ccgaggacgaagtgttccacgagatgctgtatttttttagctgtgatgta
cgatgttacaacgggatgctggttgattagatgatcgctgatgagtctgt
attgattatttataaaaatgagctgctgccgaacccgcaaactgctgaga
ggagttcccggcggtggaagaagaactgcggcaagggaaaaaagcgtgat
gatgttcaagctggaaaaagccttcacctgcccgcggttgttggctgtgc
gggtaatgtgtcttctagtatgaaagcgcgagcacgatattaaagaggtg
cgggtgatacatgtgcagaaaaggtgttaccttcttcgtggttgagttga
taaaaccaaaatagatgtagcccccttactccatctgcgaagaggctgtt
attaataaagaaaatacggcgatgacatccggccgtcggggtggatagca
catattccaacacggcgaggggtatagtggaatagacctgcgtagcgtct
acagggagtcaacaccctgactctggggtgggggataaggaggatgagat
aaaagccgcaagacgaggagaagggaaggggaggacgtggtcgccaagga
ttaagtgaccatgagaggggaggtgtgagggaagatgtgaagagagaagg
gaaggggtcggggagtaacagacaggcaaggaggaggaagagtaggaaga
gatgacaggacaagcgagccgtaggctccgctccgatgagagatggaagt
aggggaaagaaagaagaaatggataggagagatgtggtgggcttgaagcg
ggagttgggtagcgaatagggcgctagagtagtgcggttagctggaaaca
agatgtgtgactgaaagaagcgccaaac
>G8_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: G8_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: G8_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: G8_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
gaagggagcggagcctgcccatgacatcctctcagccagaatctgtcaat
gaatacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacac
accgcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttgggga
atcgagctagcttattattagttgctttattagctttattattaggtact
ttattatcttttttgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacc
cctaacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacg
gcgataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaa
gataccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaa
attcccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctggg
cacacgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatc
accccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgc
cgtacgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgt
tatcgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgg
gaagagatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgc
gctgatgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctg
ctgacgggggttatgcgttcaagtatgaaaacggccagtacgacattaaa
gacgtgggcgtggataacgctggcgcgaaagcgggtctgaccttcctggt
tgaactgatttaaaacaaacacatgaatgcagacaccgattactccatcg
cagaagctgcctttataaaggcgaaacagcgatgaccatcaacggtccgt
gggcatggtccaacatcgacaccagcaaagtgaaataaggggtaacggta
ctggccaacttcaaggggcaaccatccaaccgtttgcttgcggggctgac
gcggggtttaaaccccccccggcccgaaacaaaaaatgggggaaaaagtt
cctctaaaaaatcttgcctggcaggatggaggtgtgggaagcggtggata
ataaaaaccaccccggtgttggcccccgcccttaagcttttttaaaaaaa
gaagattggggaggaaaggacctcctcttttttcccgcccccccctcaca
aacacaccacaaaaagaacgaggagaagaattagaataaaaacatcacac
caaaaaaaaaagcagcttcttctctgttgttttgttgctgttcatggtga
tatagagcatgggggatgtgtatgatagtaacaacccccgtcg
>G9_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: G9_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: G9_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: G9_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aagggagccggagctgcccactgacatttctcagccagaatctgtcaatg
aatacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacaca
ccgcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaa
tcgagctagcttattattaactgctttattaattggtttattatttggtt
tattagttttattgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaaccc
ctaacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacgg
cgataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaag
ataccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaa
ttcccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggc
acacgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatca
ccccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgcc
gtacgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgtt
atcgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctggg
aagagatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaaaagcgcg
ctgatgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgc
tgacgggggttatgcgttcaagtaataaaaacggcaaggtagacattaaa
gactgggcgtggataaagctgggcggaaagcggttcctacctttcctgat
tgcctgattaaaacaaacacattgatgcggacaccgattacttcctgcga
gaactgcgcttaataaaggcaaacaacgatgtcttcaacgggccggggga
catgttcaaaatcgaccaccgcaaggaaattattgggtaacagactgcgc
cattctcagggatacgtccaacacgtgattagggtagttgaccaggaaat
aaacccctacccaaataagggatacgaaaaaaaatccgtaacataatctg
ttcagttgaaagtgatggcggattggaccaaaacgaggcgcgcttacgtg
tgaagttgtaacggggagtattgaacaattaaacgatgttttcgcccagc
actaagaagagcccgataaaaaataagagagatagaaacagaatgacaga
ttttgagattggcaggtgagtaatcaagggatgtctctatcataacgcac
aagcaaaagaacgtgtattagttaaaagtgagaacagggaggagatgaac
ctatagattgagaagggatagnaataaaggag
>L10_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: L10_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: L10_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: L10_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aagtgatcggactgcccatgacatcctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaa
tacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacacc
gcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatc
gagctagcttattattagctgctttattattattattagttactttatta
ttatctattttgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccct
aacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcg
ataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagat
accggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaatt
cccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcac
acgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcacc
ccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgt
acgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttat
cgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgggaa
gagatcccggcgctggataaaaaactgaaagcgaaaagtaagaacgcgct
gatgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgctg
accggggttatgggttcaagtataacaacgagcagtacgacattcaagaa
gtgcgcgtgcataacactggcagcgaaagcgggtctgaactttcctgatc
gactgattagaacaaccgaacgaaatgacgaccccaattcttccatgcaa
gaactgccgtttataaaggccagacaccgcagaccctcaggcggcggggg
gggaaggtcggacctggagaaagactggtgtatttaggtgatccaatgat
gacgaccttcgatgggagacactcgggaagtattcgttgggtgaatgggg
ccgggaacaactgtcgcagcaataaactaaggaaagttcaaaagtatata
caaactcgaggtcgctaccagagagaatgacggtcctgtcatgtaaaagc
ggagacggcggggagggggtctgtcctactgacggctcctctcctatttt
ctttggtgtatggtctactcttcatttgtcctacacagaaaaaaaaagga
aaagaaaacgaatattaaataatttgtggtgtggagggcgggtgggagac
tatcggatcgggtattnttagaaagagagtagacaaaagacaaaaaagaa
cataaccaaatccacacggtagacatggagtgacccaccaagaaaacacg
cctaagagatatatagaaagagg
>L1_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: L1_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: L1_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: L1_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaggagcgcgaagcgcccacggacaccctcagccagaatcctgtcaatga
atacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacac
cgcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaat
cgagctagcttattattattagcttatttattattaactttagctgtttt
attattttctttgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccc
taacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggc
gataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaaga
taccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaat
tcccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggca
cacgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcac
cccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccg
tacgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgtta
tcgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctggga
agagatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgc
tgatgttcaacctgccagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgct
gacgggggttatgcggtcaagtatgaaaacggcaaggaccacatttaaga
cgtgggcgtggataacgctggcgccaaagccggtctgacctttccctgtt
acctgattaaaacaaacacatgaatgcagaccccgattactcattcgaga
agctgcccttaataaaggcaaaacaccaataccatcaacggcccctgggc
atggtccaaaacgaaccaagaaaaataaatatgggttaacggatctggcg
accttcagggggtaccaccccaacgttcagttgtgggggaaaggcacgat
aaaacacaccccggccgacaaaaagatatctgggtgaattcctctcaaaa
tattgcgtgacgtcagagtgcgcggaggggtctataaaaaaaaatccact
gggctcgcaggcccgtggataatacggaagaggaaagacagaaaagcacg
atacttgcccccccctgccgtgactctacgagctgcgagaaatattgtag
caagacataacatgggaggaatttgtacgtgctctagtagggatggggga
atagcgagaagagtccaggtaaatgagcggaagggaagttacgggnagag
agacacaaataaggagtcaatagaagctcatgaaaagagctgcgtacaag
cggcgctaggt
>L2_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: L2_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: L2_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: L2_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaggggacggagcagcccctgacatctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaa
tacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacacc
gcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatc
gagctagcttattattatttgctttattattagttttaattactttatta
gctattttgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccctaac
ggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcgata
aaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagatacc
ggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaattccc
acaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcacacg
accgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcaccccg
gacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgtacg
ttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatcgc
tgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgggaagag
atcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgctgat
gttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgctgacg
ggggttatgcgttcaagtatggaaacggcaagtacgacattaaagacgtg
ggcgtggataacgctggcgcgaaagcgggtctggactttctggtttgact
gattaaaacaaacacatgaaagcagacatcgattactccatcgcaaaagc
tggctttaaaaaaggcgaaacaaggattgacatcaacggcccgtgggcag
gtcccacatcgaccccagcaaatgatttatgttgtaaacgtactgcgacc
cctcaaggtcgaacatccaaaccgctcctttgggtgtctgaggaagagta
aacccccccatcctccaaaaaaaaaagggcgaaaaatttccttgaacaat
tttcgtcgggatgaaaaagcggggggaggttgttaaaacaacaacgtgcg
gggcccgactctgagagcatctatgtcaaaaaagatagggaaagaacacc
atatgtgttcgccccccgtgaaaaaacacatcaggggaaaaaaataagaa
agaacgtaataacatacatccattattttcttgcgggtcctcttgtacca
cgattgtagattcccacctgcagttaaggtctagtctagctgtagtagtt
atagnacaactatgtaggtcatgtctcactgaaagagctaacagatcagt
atcccacggagcgn
>L3_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: L3_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: L3_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: L3_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aagggagcgaagcggccacggaacctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaat
acgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacaccg
cagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatcg
agctagcttattattattatttgctttattagctttattatatgttttaa
cttctttattgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaaccccta
acggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcga
taaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagata
ccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaattc
ccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcaca
cgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcaccc
cggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgta
cgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatc
gctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgggaag
agatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgctg
atgttccacctgcaagaaccgacttcacctggccgctgattgctgctgac
gggggttatgcgttcaagtattaaaaacggcaatacgaacttaaagacgt
tgccgtggataacgctggcgcgaaagccggtctgaccttcctggttgact
tgattaaaaaaacccatgaatggcaaaaccgattactccctcgcagaagc
tgccttttataaaggcgaagaaacaattatcatctacggcccggtggcct
ggtccaacccgaaccccccaaaataaattttgtaggaacgagtcttgcca
cctcctcatggcacacgccaaaacagccttattgggggcgggtagccagg
taatctccaccccctacccaactaaaaagtgggaaaagaatctcccaaat
catgtactggtcctacagagacggtagacaatggtatgaataagaaacac
cagggtccgctggaagcgataaaatatgctagataaaagagagagaaaaa
gaaaagtaataagtaacctcatagatgtagcacaagaaaagaagaagaaa
aaaagaaaagagatagaaaaaatatcaaaaagtaatacagaagggtcatg
gttaggtgaagaaaaagtgcgcgcgcganagctctcgcccgaccacagca
gcacaatcaatattatagtggcagcgaaagtaatacacntgacaagaaca
aa
>L4_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: L4_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: L4_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: L4_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
gggacagggccgagctgctcatgacattcctctcagccagaatctgtcaa
tgaatacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaaca
caccgcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttgggg
aatcgagctagcttattattattagctttattatatgttttaacttcttt
attgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccctaacggata
tcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcgataaaggc
tataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagataccggaat
taaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaattcccacagg
ttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcacacgaccgc
tttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcaccccggacaa
agcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgtacgttaca
acggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatcgctgatt
tataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgggaagagatccc
ggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgctgatgttca
acctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgctgacgggggt
tatgcgttccaatatgaaaacggaaagtacgacattaaagaagtgggcct
ggataacgctggcgcgaaagcgggtctgaccttcctggttgactgataaa
aaacaacaccataattgcaacaccgattactcctcccaaaagctgccttt
aaaaaggcgaaacagcgatgaacatcaacggcccgggggcatggtccaca
tccacaccagcaaatggaataggggtaaggttatgccgcacttcaagggt
caacactcccaacgttcttttggttgagagagcgggatatcacccccctt
cgaaaaaagaaacgggggaaaaatttcctcaaaaatttctcgtgccgaga
agaagtggggacgtgaataaaaaaatcaactcggttcgcacccttgaaga
tctacaagaaagaggcgagagaaaacatatgtagtacccagcgaggaaac
actaaaggagtggactgtttgacgacc
>L5_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: L5_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: L5_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: L5_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
agggaacgaaggctgctcatgactctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaat
acgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacaccg
cagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatcg
agctagcttattattatatgctttattatttgttttaactgctttattat
tatctttattgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaaccccta
acggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcga
taaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagata
ccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaattc
ccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcaca
cgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcaccc
cggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgta
cgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatc
gctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgggaag
agatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgctg
atgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgctga
cgggggttatgcgttcaagtatgaaaacggcaagtacgacattaaagacg
tgggcgtggataacgctggcgcgaaagccggtctgacctttctggtttac
ctgattaaaacaacacatgaatgcagacaccgattacctcctcgcaaaag
ctgcctttaataaaggcgaacagcgatgaacatcaacggcccgtgggcat
ggttcaacatcgacaccagcaaagttgataaggttgtaacggtactgccg
acctttcagggtccaccatccaaaccgtttcttttgcgtgctgaggccag
gtttaaaccctgcaggtcccaacaaagaaacttgggaaaaagtttcctca
aaaactttttgcttgactgatgaaaggttttgaaacgttattaaaaaaaa
acccacgcgtggctcgcgacacttgataatcttttataaaaagaaaagtt
gtaaaaaaaaacccttttttgccccccccctttcaacaaaacaccacaca
agataagaatatatgcaaacacaactcacagacaatgatcgttttttttt
cttacttgcgtttgtggtaatcaaacgttgagataaaaattaaatgcacc
tacctacgaggtagtgaccactgacaagagtaattgtggatgaatgaatt
gagaggttacagaaagtcgacggaaagata
>L6_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: L6_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: L6_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: L6_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aagggccgagctgcccctgacattcctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaa
tacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacacc
gcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatc
gagctagcttattattatttgctttattattagttttaattactttatta
tattctttattgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccct
aacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcg
ataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagat
accggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaatt
cccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcac
acgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcacc
ccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgt
acgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttat
cgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgggaa
gagatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgct
gatgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgctg
acgggggttatgcgtttcaatatgaaaacggcaagtacgacattaaagac
gtgggcgtggataacgctggcgcgaaagcgggtctgaccttccctgttga
cctgatttaaaacaaacacatgaatgcagacaccgattacctcctcgcag
aaactgcctttaataaggcgaaaccgcgatgaccatcaacggtccggggg
cctgggtcaacaacgaacacagcaaagggaattaatgtttaacgggtatg
cggacctctcagggtcaacatcaaaccgtttcttgggggggtagagggag
tttttacccccccaccacacaaaaaatgggcaaaaatctctctcaacaat
aatctgggattaaagatttgggaaggggtataaaaaaaacaagtgggtgg
cgggcggcgaaatttaaagagaacaaggggagggaaacaacatctaacta
ccccccctgcagacgcacagacaaaaagaagaaaagatcaaagagcgacc
acgagtaaaacctattttcgggtggtganagagtgcgagcagggaagatg
acgctcctccctcagcaccatgcacaagagcgtccactaggggataaata
gcgacataan
>L7_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: L7_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: L7_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: L7_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaggggcagagctgccacttgacatccctcagccagaatcctgtcaatga
atacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacac
cgcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaat
cgagctagcttattattattagctattttattagctgttttatttacttt
attatctttattgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccc
taacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggc
gataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaaga
taccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaat
tcccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggca
cacgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcac
cccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccg
tacgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgtta
tcgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgcccaaaacctgaga
agagatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgc
tgaagttcgaccctgcagaaccctacttcacctggcctcttattgctgct
gacgggggttatgcatttcagtatgagaacggcaagtacgaatttaaagg
actgggcgtggataacgcttggcgcgaaagcgagcctaaccttcctggtt
tgacctgataaatacaaaacaggaaggcaaacaggaatactccatcgcaa
aaactgacttttagtaaggggagactgcggtaacatcagcgcccggggag
gagttccttcatgaaaactgaaagaaaagtaagttgagggagagggtggc
ctctatgaatccgaaccccaggcggaggtgggggaggttgtttgtgttat
aggcagggctccatcagaaaggtgaaagagaattacaggcaaatttgttc
aatttagaagggggggaggaggagatgtaaaaacaaccatgctattagtg
gtttggtttataaatatttaaaagtggtgaataacaaccattaataaaac
aacaagaacgacatggggaggagagaggagggagaaaagaaggaaatcaa
agtggggggttgttgaggaagtatatgatagtggaggcggcacactcacc
acacgaagtggggagaagggaaatngttttatcggtgagggtgatgagga
gtaacgcaagaaggggatgaagaaattgtcgcagcgccacgccaccg
>L8_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: L8_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: L8_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: L8_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aggagctgggacgctcctgacatctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaata
cgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacaccgc
agccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatcga
gctagcttattattattagctgttttattattttctttgatcctgatcaa
cccaagccaatccagctttaaacccctaacggatatcaaaatcgaagaag
gtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcgataaaggctataacggtctcgct
gaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagataccggaattaaagtcaccgttga
gcatccggataaactggaagagaaattcccacaggttgcggcaactggcg
atggccctgacattatcttctgggcacacgaccgctttggtggctacgct
caatctggcctgttggctgaaatcaccccggacaaagcgttccaggacaa
gctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgtacgttacaacggcaagctgattg
cttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatcgctgatttataacaaagatctg
ctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgggaagagatcccggcgctggataaaga
actgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgctgatgttcaacctgcaagaaccgt
acttcacctggccgctgattgctgctgacgggggttatgcgttcaagtat
gaaaacggcaagtacaacattaaagacgtgggcgtggataacgctggcgc
gaaagcgggtctgacctttcctggtgacctgattaaaaacaaacacatga
atgcaaacaccgattactccatcgcagaagctgcctttaataaaggcgaa
acagcgatgaccatcaacggcccgtggggatggtccaaatcgacaccaca
aaaatgaataaggtgtaacggtactgcgaccttcagggtcaacaatccaa
ccgttcgttgggtggtggaggaggggataaggccgccctgccaaaaaaga
ctggggaaaaaaatcctcgaaaaatattgcgggcctaaaaagatttgagg
gcgattaaaaaaaacaagcactggtggtctccaccacgaacttttcaaga
aaaaaattgaaaaaaattccattatttctcccccttcgggccaaccacaa
aaggtaagataaaagtcagacaccccccaaaaaatagcttttttagtgag
tgcaggtgagaggttggtggtgggggcgcgcgcgcgggcctgcgcacaaa
tgtgaggataaatgtgagagaggagagaagaaccaattaaaaaggaaatg
gtacacctcactgcggcgggggcgtctaactaatcatagcttggtgccac
taattttttgtggaataaataatgagtn
>L9_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: L9_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: L9_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:52 2023 TEMPLATE: L9_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaggggacggagctgcccctgacatctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaa
tacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacacc
gcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatc
gagctagcttattattatatgctttattatttgttttaactgctttatta
ttatctttattgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccct
aacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcg
ataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagat
accggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaatt
cccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcac
acgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcacc
ccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgt
acgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttat
cgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgggaa
gagatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgct
gatgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgctg
acgggggttatgcgttccagtatgaaaacggcaagtacgacattaaagac
gtgggcgtggataacgctgggcgcgaagcgggtctgaccttcctggttga
cctgattaaaacaaacacattgatgcagacaccaatttactcctccaaaa
agctgcctttataaaggcgaaacggagtgaccatctacccgcccgtggcc
tggtcccacaaccacaccgccaaagtgattatggtgtgaccggtgctgcc
cgcctttcaaggagaaccatccaaaacgtccggtgggggtgcgggagcga
gtgtttatcaccccccgtctcaaaaaaaaaattggcgaaaagatattcct
gaaaacacatccccaatttattaagagtgtgagagcggtttataaaaatc
aacacccgggtgtggcctgcggtctacgtaatatgcgtgagaagaagtag
ggcagtgtttatctcatatcgctctcctctgtgaaaaacccccacaaccg
aaaaggagtatagtataaaaacaacaccaaagataaatatttcggttttt
ttttggtgtcggattattttatgataaatatcaacataccggacggatca
agcagaggtgaccgagtagctcgaaaaancaaaaccacaagacaggaaga
ggaacgactaaaaccaaccgcgccggggcacgaggtagtgcntgggattt
atggcncgcgacatccncacc
>R10_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: R10_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: R10_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:53 2023 TEMPLATE: R10_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aggggacgaaactgctcactgacatcctctcagccagaatctgtcaatga
atacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacac
cgcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaat
cgagctagcttattattatcttatttattagttattttattagctttttt
attatctttattgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccc
taacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggc
gataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaaga
taccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaat
tcccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggca
cacgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcac
cccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccg
tacgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgtta
tcactgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccggcaaaaacctggga
agagatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaaacgaaaggtaagaacgcgc
tgatgttcaacctggcagaaccgtacatcacctggccgctgattgctgct
gacgaggcttatggcgttcgataagaaaccggaagaaacgaatttataac
tgtggacgaggataaccatggcgcaaaagtggatctgacgtccaggttga
actgatttacagacaaccatgaatggggcacaggataccacatcatcaaa
attgttatttatatcaacgaaacgcatgaccgtgtgtagaacgcgtatat
atctaatccgcacccgtttaatgggaattacgttagaggaactgcgaacc
gccggaaaattccgggagaaaaaaatgatcaggcataggaaaaattaggg
cacagaagaatttaaaggtttgcaggaaaataaaaaacaaaagaaggaaa
agatttaagagggagttcctgtttataacttctccgcgtaaggaggggga
ggaaaaagaaaaatggtatgtaatagtttttttgatagtagaaggtgtat
aaaaagcttgtgtgtaaaagaaggacatagaaaaagagcagaaaaagttt
gtggggagaaaataaaagaggatgcangggagagaaaaaacatagggaag
agagaaaacacaccacccagattacgaaaaanagtgatggcntgagcgcg
atcgncatagaccggtcggcacgccgacgcggagaagaaggaggtaga
>R1_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: R1_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: R1_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:53 2023 TEMPLATE: R1_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aagggaacgagctgctcatgacatcctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaa
tacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacacc
gcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatc
gagctagcttattattattttatttattagttgctttattattaacttta
ttatctactttgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccct
aacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcg
ataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagat
accggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaatt
cccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcac
acgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcacc
ccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgt
acgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttat
cgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgggaa
gagatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgct
gatgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgctg
acgggggttatgcgtttcagtatgaaaacggcaagtacgacattaaagac
gtgggcgtggataacgctggcgcgaaagcgggtctgaccttcctggttga
cctgattaaaaacaacacatgaatgcagacaccgattactccatcgcaga
aactgcctttaataaaggcgaaacagcgatgaccatcaaccggccgtggg
catggtccacattcacccccagcaaatgaattatggtgtaacagaatggc
cgaccttcaaggtcaacaatcaaacccggcttggggggttggagccaagg
attaacacccccgttccaaacccaaaaaatgtgaaaaagatttctcctaa
ataatccgtgaaggaatatgaggtggtgaagggtcatataaagaaaaacc
ccgatgtgggcccaccccatataactcactcaaggaaagaatggggaagg
aaaaacacatattcccctctacacacgaaaagacacaagaaaaggaaaag
agataaggagaaacaacagacagagattacgcgttgtcttggtttgtagc
ggtcgcagtagatggtttgtagtttcgacccacaagccaggcccagccgg
ctgagcgccgtggagaagagttcaaaggatggagaggggagtaaaacact
aagagtgaagaggatnagtgagattnaacgcagagaggaaacaataagac
agtacgc
>R2_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: R2_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: R2_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:53 2023 TEMPLATE: R2_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aagggacagagctgctcatgacatctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaat
acgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacaccg
cagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatcg
agctagcttattattaactgctttattaattgctttattattatctttat
tatttgttttgatcctgattctccctaaagaagctaatgataaacccaat
acaaacacaatatcaacccaaggtgaatagtataattatgtattaagctg
tttgattagtctttattattcatcttataatggtcataaacgtcccacta
aaatcccggaattaatctcaaaggagagcgtaattatagtcaggaagaat
gattccgacaggttgcgacaaatgttcacggacctggcctcatctgctga
gggcacaaacgctatggtgaggacgcacaaccggttttgttggatcattc
catctcgcatgatgagtgacatcaccccgtatcagcctttacctgagaag
ctgtatctttctacggcgtacgcattgcttttccaagctatgctgaatcg
ttatcgctgctttatagcaccgatctcctggctatcccgcgaatatcttg
tgacgaacccccggatctcgtaaggaacaatccagcgctggtgaaagcgc
ggtgatcgtcaacttgcaagagcctgatgttcccatggcgctggtcgccg
ttcactgagctatggttgctacatcgcagacgttgggtataagtataata
cgtgggatgcgtccctctggagctggccctgtataacctatctcgatgac
tggccgtaccgctggtgggctgaaggatccaattaacagaggcggagcgc
ctttgacacgagggagacgcagtattacacgcgaccaggacgcccagacg
cgtcggcgataggggatatatgaaactgagtgtagaattatgggtcatct
accaagggaactttcaggcaagtcgcgaaacacatttggttatataaaac
caccgaatagagacactagtgcgatacactacaaagagtgaggactgaga
aggaaaaatatgaataataaagcagcgctcatctacccattataagaatt
attttctatgttgtccatacaatatagtagagaaaaagataagagaacgt
gattgggagttagtccactaattatatagttttgcaaattatgtgtgtac
aggatagtaaggagaagaaaaagggaaaggcggatacaacaaggacttct
atgaggttcatatcagtctgtccctacagaaatgaac
>R3_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: R3_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: R3_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:53 2023 TEMPLATE: R3_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aagggccgagctgcccatgacatctctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaata
cgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacaccgc
agccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatcga
gctagcttattattaacttatttattaactgttttattagctttattatt
tgctttattatctattttgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagcttta
aacccctaacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggatt
aacggcgataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcga
gaaagataccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaag
agaaattcccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttc
tgggcacacgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctga
aatcaccccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctggg
atgccgtacgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaa
gcgttatcgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaac
ctgggaagagatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaaga
gcgcgctgatgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgatt
gctgctgaccggggttatgcgttcaagtatgaaaacggcaagtacgaaat
taaagacgtgggcgtggataacgcttgggccaaacgggtctgaccttcct
ggttgacttgattaaaacaaacacatgatgcagaaacgattactccatcg
caaaactgcctttaataagccgaaccaccaatgaacaccacggcccgtgg
tcgtgggcccacataaacaccgcaaaagttattataggttaacggtactg
gacacttataagggccaacaccaagaccggtgttatgtgggtggaaaaaa
aaggaaaaaaccacccgaccaaaaaataaaagggggcgaaatgccctgaa
acaaatacgtttggggagtaagtgtggaaacagataaaaagataaaacca
gcggggttgcggtaccgagttgttaacgcataaagagtagaaagagaaag
aggctgcataccgcacatagaggccgaaccgcaacaagagaaggaaataa
gaaaagtcgcaaaaagataaccaccgtcgctatataacgttgagcacgga
gctaaaatagaccttgccgccacactgtacctggatggaggctattggtc
tacgcggaagcatgaatataaggaataaaagcagctaaatgagacaggtc
attatcactctacgaaggcatcacgccacc
>R4_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: R4_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: R4_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:53 2023 TEMPLATE: R4_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aagggaacgaagctgcccactgacatcctctcagccagaatctgtcaatg
aatacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacaca
ccgcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaa
tcgagctagcttattattaacttatttattagttgctttattagctactt
tattatctttattgatcaataaagataataaaacaaataataaagcagtt
aataaagcatataataataagctagcttattattaactgttttattagct
ttattattagcttttttattatctattttgatcttccttcgcgcgaagga
agatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccctaacggatatc
aaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcgataaaggcta
taacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagataccggaatta
aagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaattcccacaggtt
gcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcacacgaccgctt
tggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcaccccggacaaag
cgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgtacgttacaac
ggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatcgctgattta
taacaaagatctgctgccgaaacccgccaaaacctgggaagagatcccgg
cgctggataaagaactgaagcgaaaagtaagagcgcgctgatgttccacc
tgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctggtgacgggggttat
gcgttcaagtatgaaaacgggcaagtacgaatttaaaaaggtggcgggga
aaaacgctggcgcgagcggggcttaactttcctgggttacttgattaaaa
ccaagcccttgagggcgaccccgattacctcgctgcaaaaacggctgtta
aaaaagggagaaaccaataaacactaagcggcccgggggggggcccccac
tcacacagcccacagaattatataggggagaggtgcgcgccgcgtcctac
aggatccctcccccccgctcatgcgaggtgttgtataaagaagagattag
acgagagtctcgagaaagaaacaagggaagataaaagatccaccatataa
aaatgaatagagtgtagagagctgtaggacgcgaacaaaaaaatagaatg
aaagcaaagcttggtggaggcagagagactngctccacatcaagagcgga
gcgaagatagaatagtactagacgttgctggtgcggatagagaagcaaag
aacgcgacccgaaccagtagcaataggagcgctcgg
>R5_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: R5_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: R5_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:53 2023 TEMPLATE: R5_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaggggcgcagccgctcctgaacatctcccagccagaatctgtcaatgaa
tacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacacc
gcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatc
gagctagcttattattattttatttattagttgctttattaactgcttta
ttatctttattgatcttccttcgcgcgaaggaagatcctgatcaacccaa
gccaatccagctttaaacccctaacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaa
ctggtaatctggattaacggcgataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagt
cggtaagaaattcgagaaagataccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatc
cggataaactggaagagaaattcccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggc
cctgacattatcttctgggcacacgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatc
tggcctgttggctgaaatcaccccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgt
atccgtttacctgggatgccgtacgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttac
ccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatcgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgcc
gaacccgccaaaaacctgggaagagatcccggcgctggaataagaactga
aagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgctgatgttccacctgcaagaaccgtacttc
acctggccgctgattgctgctgacgggggttatgcgttcaagtatgaaaa
cggcaagtacgacattaaagacgtgggcgtggataacgctggcgcgaaag
cgggtctaacctttcctggttgactggattaaaacaaacacattgaatga
caccccgattacccatcgcaaaaactggcttttaataaaggcgaacccac
gaagaaacccacagcccgtgggggtgtggcacacctgcaaccaccaagtt
attatggtggaaaggggccggcccccttttaagggtaccaatccaaacgt
ctctttgtggggtggaaggaaaatatatccccccccttcctcaacaaaaa
aaaggggaaaagatccttccacacaaataccccgcgtgaagaaaggagta
aaaagcagacagaaaaaaaaccactcctgggcccgtgcacgcctaaagac
ttaaagaaggattgaaggaaaaagacaacaactaatttcatcgcccctcc
acagccacacacaacacaagaaaaaatgggagaaaccaaccaaaaacata
aaaattccaattaatcttaatcgctctgaccgaggaggataaaggaaaaa
caaaacccaacctcggttcttcgcctgcggatgagccgtaagatanagag
gtggggagcaacagggcggccg
>R6_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: R6_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: R6_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:53 2023 TEMPLATE: R6_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaggggcgtagctgctcctgaaatctctcagccagaatcctgtcaatgaa
tacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacacc
gcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatc
gagctagcttattattagcttatttattagttttattattaactttatta
ttatcttttttgatcttccttcgcgcgaaggaagatcctgatcaacccaa
gccaatccagctttaaacccctaacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaa
ctggtaatctggattaacggcgataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagt
cggtaagaaattcgagaaagataccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatc
cggataaactggaagagaaattcccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggc
cctgacattatcttctgggcacacgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatc
tggcctgttggctgaaatcaccccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgt
atccgtttacctgggatgccgtacgttacaacggccagctgattgcttac
ccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatcgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgcc
gaacccgccgaacacctgggaagagatcccggcgctggataaagaactga
aagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgctgatgttcaacctgcgataaccgtacttc
acctggcctctgattgctgctgacggaggttatgcgttcaagtatgaaaa
cggcgagtacgacattaaagacgtgggcctggataaagctggcgcgaaag
cgggtctgaccttcctggtggactgattaaaaaaaacacatggatgcaga
acccgtttactccatcgcagaaactgccctttattagaggggaaaccgcg
atagagactcaagcgcccggtgggcatgggtccaactcgagcccccgaag
aggaattattgtgggagggggttcgcgcacctccacgggccgaccctccc
accagctttatgggggctgacgggagggtttaacaaccgcccgttcgccc
aaaaaacagccaagaaggattatttccaaactattatggccttgtaaaaa
agaatgaagcaggagagtactaaaaagacacaacttggcgctggcgcgcg
gctaaaatatatctaccttaaaaataggtcgggatgtgaccaaaaatgta
cccccaccacatgaagacaccccaaacagcgagaaagaggaggtttatta
ttaccatactgatcttcttcttcttttgttttataatgcttgtttgtggg
ttggttttgtggatgcggcaagacagccacccccaccaaagctctccgtt
caatacgactgtaaaattaaaaacaagaaaaagaaagaggaagggaa
>R7_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: R7_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: R7_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:53 2023 TEMPLATE: R7_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaggggacgggccgcccctgacatcccccagccagaatctgtcaatgaat
acgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacaccg
cagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatcg
agctagcttattattatctgctttattaactgctttattattagctttat
tatctgttttgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaaccccta
acggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcga
taaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagata
ccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaattc
ccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcaca
cgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcaccc
cggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgta
cgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatc
gctgatttataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgngaag
agatcccggcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgctg
atgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgctga
cgggggttatgcgttcaagtatgaaaacggcaagtacgacattaaagacg
tgggcgtggataacgctggcgcgaaagcgggtctgaccttcctggttgac
ctgattaaaaacaacacatgaatgcagacaccgattacttcatcgcagaa
gctgccctttataaatgcgaaacacccatgaccatcaacggcccctgggc
ctggtcccacatccacaccacccaatggaaatataggggaaacgggactg
ccccaccttcaaggggcaaccacccaacccctttgttggcgtggtggacg
caaggtataacgccccccgcccggaaaaaaaactgtggaaaaaattctcc
cataacacatcctggatgttgagaggatgggagacgggttataaaacaaa
ccactcggggctccgcgcggtgaatctttataaaaaaaagattatgaaag
tcacactcttctttctcccccccctaataaaaccaacacaaagaagaata
aagtgataaaacacacaaaagtcctttttcttttttgctgctcgtgtagg
atgggtggtttgagagcacccaagccgcgcgccgcgctatactatgtgat
atataataaagaaaaaccagagcaaaaaatatcacgaaacaaatcacgac
taaccgaccacagacgacgaatacacatacccacacctaccgggctg
>R8_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: R8_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: R8_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:53 2023 TEMPLATE: R8_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaggggtcggagcagcccctgacatcccccagccagaatctgtcaatgaa
tacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacacc
gcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatc
gagctagcttattattaactgctttattaattgctttattattatctttt
ttgatcctgatcaacccaagccaatccagctttaaacccctaacggatat
caaaatcgaagaaggtaaactggtaatctggattaacggcgataaaggct
ataacggtctcgctgaagtcggtaagaaattcgagaaagataccggaatt
aaagtcaccgttgagcatccggataaactggaagagaaattcccacaggt
tgcggcaactggcgatggccctgacattatcttctgggcacacgaccgct
ttggtggctacgctcaatctggcctgttggctgaaatcaccccggacaaa
gcgttccaggacaagctgtatccgtttacctgggatgccgtacgttacaa
cggcaagctgattgcttacccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatcgctgattt
ataacaaagatctgctgccgaacccgccaaaaacctgagaagagatcccg
gcgctggataaagaactgaaagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgctgatgttcaa
cctgcaagaaccgtacttcacctggccgctgattgctgctgacgggggtt
atgcgttcaagtatgaaaacggcaagtacgacattaaaaacctgggagtt
ggataagctggcgccaaagcgggtctgaccttcctggtttacctgattaa
aaacaaacacatgaatgcagacaccgattactccatcgcaaaaacctgct
ttaataaagggaaacacgatgaccctcaaaggcccgtgggcatggtgcac
atccacccccccaaaaagaattaaagtgtgaagggcctgccaccctaaag
gggtcaacaatccaacacagctatttggcgcgcgtgggggagggtttaat
accaccgcccggacaaaaaacatggctaaaaagtttctacaaaaaattac
ctgtttgtggaaaggtgggggtacctgaaaaaaacaaaacccggggcgcg
ccccacctctcgcgttcattatcaaaaaatggaaaagaaacatccttttc
cccccgtccgccaccaacaaaaagagaaaaaaaaagaatagagcttccca
acaaatacattttattatttactgctattgatggggagggatgatatggg
ctccaaggggcgcgagcgcgcagacagggaaagaaagcggttgctcgcag
aacagagaaaaaaacaaagaaaaaaataaaaaaaaaaaagagcagagcgg
aggaaccgagtaccg
>R9_A70_Premixed CHROMAT_FILE: R9_A70_Premixed PHD_FILE: R9_A70_Premixed.phd.1 CHEM: term DYE: big TIME: Tue Sep 26 10:21:53 2023 TEMPLATE: R9_A70_Premixed DIRECTION: fwd
aaggaaacgtggctgcccctgacatccctcagccagaatctgtcaatgaa
tacgcagaatcaagcagtgtgccttcatcagccactgtagtgaacacacc
gcagccagccaatgtcgtggcgaataaatcggctccaaacttggggaatc
gagctagcttattattatatgctttattaactgttttattagctttatta
ttatcttttttgatcttccttcgcgcgaaggaagatcctgatcaacccaa
gccaatccagctttaaacccctaacggatatcaaaatcgaagaaggtaaa
ctggtaatctggattaacggcgataaaggctataacggtctcgctgaagt
cggtaagaaattcgagaaagataccggaattaaagtcaccgttgagcatc
cggataaactggaagagaaattcccacaggttgcggcaactggcgatggc
cctgacattatcttctgggcacacgaccgctttggtggctacgctcaatc
tggcctgttggctgaaatcaccccggacaaagcgttccaggacaagctgt
atccgtttacctgggatgccgtacgttacaacggcaagctgattgcttac
ccgatcgctgttgaagcgttatcgctgatttataacaaagatctgctgcc
gaacccgccaaaaacctgggaagagatcccggcgctggataaagaactga
aagcgaaaggtaagagcgcgctgatgttcaacctgcaagaaccgtacttc
acctggccgctgattgctgctgacgggggttatgcgttcaagtatgaaaa
cgggcagtacgacattaaagacgtggggcgtgataacgctggcgcgaaag
cgggtctgaccttcctggttgacctgattagaacaaaaccatgaatgcag
acaccgattactcatcgcagaagctggcttttaataaggcaaacagcgga
taacatctacgggcccgggggcatggtccacatctacacccccaaaggaa
ataatgggtaacggatcttcgaccctttaggggacaacatccaacccttc
gttgggtggggtggagcaaaatataatatcccccctccctcaacaaaaac
tgggcaaaaatatctcctcaaaaattaccgcgtctataaaggtattgggg
gacgggatataaaaaacaaacccgcgtgtctgccacccccgccttttttc
cagattaagagttataggaagaataacctcctctttcttccctccctctc
cgaaaaagacaccaaaaaaaaagaaaaaaatggaaaaaatacatcataca
caatacctcgttttttcttttttgttgtttttgttgggtatggtgtaggt
gtgttgtttttttagtccatcccaggcgcaggggcgtccnggggcccgac
gtgggggctgctaaagagaac
